[Shape Detection article] Add launch information for barcode detection (#2261)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/shape-detection/index.md

| 2. Create initial draft of specification   | [In Progress][spec]          |
| **3. Gather feedback & iterate on design** | [**In progress**](#feedback) |
| 4. Origin trial                            | [Complete](https://developers.chrome.com/origintrials/#/view_trial/-2341871806232657919) |
| **5. Launch**                              | **Complete** (Barcode detection) |

</div>

## How to use the Shape Detection API {: #use }

{% Aside 'warning' %}

>   So far only barcode detection has launched in Chrome 82,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  So far only barcode detection is available by default, starting in Chrome 82.
```

Reviewer: The old version makes it sound as though face and shape detection will eventually be available in 82.
